dfx canister sign/send (#400)
dfinity/docs: modules/developers-guide/pages/cli-reference/dfx-canister.adoc

|<<dfx canister set-controller,`+set-controller+`>> |Specifies the identity name or principal to use as the new controller for a specified canister on the Internet Computer network.

> |<<dfx canister send,`+send+`>> |Send a signed `+message.json+` to create neurons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|<<dfx canister send,`+send+`>> |Send a previously-signed `+message.json+` to a specified canister identifier. For example, if you want to send a message that calls the network nervous system (NNS) governance canister to manage neurons, you might want to separate message signing from message delivery for security reasons.
```

> |<<dfx canister send,`+sign+`>> |Create a signed `+message.json+` file to customize the process of creating neurons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|<<dfx canister send,`+sign+`>> |Create a signed `+message.json+` file before making a call to a specified canister identifier. For example, if you want to send a message that calls the network nervous system (NNS) governance canister to manage neurons, you might want to separate message signing from message delivery for security reasons.
```

+
You can now use the wallet canister `r7inp-6aaaa-aaaaa-aaabq-cai` to send cycles or add custodians to the `open_sf_assets` canister.

== dfx canister send ==

> When creating your neuron stake, use the `+dfx canister send+` command with the `+dfx canister sign+` command when you want to separate these steps, rather than using the single `+dfx canister call+` command. Using separate calls can add security to the transaction.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `+dfx canister send+` command after signing a message with the `+dfx canister sign+` command when you want to separate these steps, rather than using the single `+dfx canister call+` command. Using separate calls can add security to the transaction. 

For example, when creating your neuron stake, you might want to use the `+dfx canister sign+` command to create a signed `+message.json+` file using an air-gapped computer, then use the `+dfx canister send+` command to deliver the signed message.
```

=== Basic usage

[source,bash,subs="quotes"]
----
dfx canister send _file_name_
----

=== Flags

You can use the following optional flags with the `+dfx canister request-status+` command.

[width="100%",cols="<32%,<68%",options="header"]
|===
|Flag |Description
|`+-h+`, `+--help+` |Displays usage information.
|`+-V+`, `+--version+` |Displays version information.
|===

=== Arguments

You can specify the following argument for the `+dfx canister send+` command.

[width="100%",cols="<32%,<68%",options="header"]
|===
|Argument |Description
|`+file_name+` |Specifies the file name of the message.
|===

=== Examples

Use the `+dfx canister send+` command to send a signed message created using the `+dfx canister sign+` command to the genesis token canister (GTC) to create a neuron on your behalf by running the following command:

`+dfx canister send message.json+`

== dfx canister sign ==

> When creating your neuron stake, use the `+dfx canister sign+` command with the `+dfx canister send+` command when you want to separate these steps, rather than using the single `+dfx canister call+` command. Using separate calls can add security to the transaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `+dfx canister sign+` command before sending a message with the `+dfx canister send+` command when you want to separate these steps, rather than using the single `+dfx canister call+` command. Using separate calls can add security to the transaction. 
For example, when creating your neuron stake, you might want to use the `+dfx canister sign+` command to create a signed `+message.json+` file using an air-gapped computer, then use the `+dfx canister send+` command to deliver the signed message from a computer connected to the network.
```

Create a neuron is one example, but you might also want to protect calls to start dissolving, disburse tokens, etc.

[width="100%",cols="<32%,<68%",options="header"]

|===
|Argument |Description
|`+canister_name+` |Specifies the name of the canister to call. The canister name is a required argument and should match the name you have configured for a project in the `+canisters+` section of the `+dfx.json+` configuration file.

|`+method_name+` |Specifies the method name to call on the canister.
The canister method is a required argument.

|`+argument+` |Specifies the argument to pass to the method.
Depending on your program logic, the argument can be a required or optional argument.
You can specify a data format type using the `+--type+` option if you pass an argument to the canister.
By default, you can specify arguments using the link:../../candid-guide/candid-intro{outfilesuffix}[Candid] (`+idl+`) syntax for data values. 
For information about using Candid and its supported types, see link:../../candid-guide/candid-howto{outfilesuffix}#idl-syntax[Interact with a service in a terminal] and link:../../candid-guide/candid-types{outfilesuffix}[Supported types].
You can use `+raw+` as the argument type if you want to pass raw bytes.
|===

=== Examples

> Use the `+dfx canister sign+` command to create a signed `method.json` file using the pricipal ID associated with the identitiy you created using the Privacy Enhanced Mail (PEM) file by running a command similar to the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `+dfx canister sign+` command to create a signed `message.json` file using the principal associated with the identity you created using the Privacy Enhanced Mail (PEM) file by running a command similar to the following:
```

Reviewer: For now, I think we need to add --no-wallet to the example and explain 
1) this example connects to the network specified by the `ic` network alias and 
2) that `--no-wallet` is required to execute the command using the user Identity instead of a cycles wallet canister identifier.
Hopefully, number 2 goes away, but currently that is a required setting.

Author: in the SDK tutorials, `--no-wallet` is used with the wallet canister identifier...are you saying that I need to use the principal user identity? Like:
`dfx canister --no-wallet --network+ic sign --expire-after=1h **wokyb-oonsl-6wxtc-3bded-4rlgh-aaegd-fnow5-d4paa-s3gkc-cjxxh-lae** create nrurons '("PUBLIC_KEY")'`
instead of:
dfx canister --no-wallet --network=ic sign --expire-after=1h **rno2w-sqaaa-aaaaa-aaacq-cai** create_neurons ‘(“PUBLIC_KEY”)'` ?

Reviewer: `--no-wallet `is used to make a `call` using the user principal identity instead of bypassing the user identity and making the call through the wallet identifier. 
In the tutorials you refer to, I think we were calling the wallet canister (so that identifier was an argument for dfx canister call) but using the user's identity (by adding the `--no-wallet` option).
In the example:
`dfx canister --no-wallet --network=ic sign --expire-after=1h rno2w-sqaaa-aaaaa-aaacq-cai create_neurons ‘(“PUBLIC_KEY”)' `
we are making a call to canister "`rno2w-sqaaa-aaaaa-aaacq-cai`" -- AKA the "`governance`" canister and the method `create_neurons`

And, yes, it ain't you. It is a bit confusing.
